Choriocarcinoma is a gestational trophoblastic cancer, which often occurs in the first 3 months of pregnancy. 5-Fluorouracil (5-Fu) is the widely used chemotherapeutic drug for choriocarcinoma but limited by drug resistance. Lidocaine, an aminamide-type anesthetic, shows potential anticancer and chemosensitization effects in recent years. Herein, we tested the possible chemosensitization activity of lidocaine on the cytotoxicity of 5-Fu in choriocarcinoma cells.
Viabilities and apoptosis of choriocarcinoma JEG-3 and JAR cells after lidocaine and/or 5-Fu treatment were detected using Cell Counting Kit-8 assay, annexin V-FITC/PI (fluorescein isothiocyanate/propidium iodide) staining and Western blot analysis, respectively. Quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction was done to measure breast cancer resistance protein (ABCG2) messenger RNA level. Western blot analysis was carried out to detect ABCG2, P-glycoprotein (P-gp), MRP1, and MRP2 protein levels.
pEX-ABCG2 was transfected to elevate ABCG2 level. Then, the influence of ABCG2 on lidocaine + 5-Fu-caused cell viability loss, apoptosis, and inactivation of PI3K/AKT pathway were analyzed. We found that lidocaine in low concentration had no significant cytotoxicity to JEG-3 and JAR cells, but stimulated cell apoptosis in high concentration. Moreover, lidocaine potentiated the cytotoxicity of 5-Fu to JEG-3 and JAR cells through decreasing viability and increasing apoptosis. Lidocaine treatment reduced the ABCG2, P-gp, MRP1, and MRP2 protein levels in cells.
Thyroid hormones have long been known to have a range of effects on the cardiovascular system. However, significant knowledge gaps exist concerning the precise molecular and biochemical mechanisms governing these effects and the optimal strategies for management of abnormalities in thyroid function in patients with and without preexisting cardiovascular disease. In September 2017, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute convened a Working Group with the goal of developing priorities for future scientific research relating thyroid dysfunction to the progression of cardiovascular disease.
The Working Group reviewed and discussed the roles of normal thyroid physiology, the consequences of thyroid dysfunction, and the effects of therapy in 3 cardiovascular areas: cardiac electrophysiology and arrhythmias, the vasculature and atherosclerosis, and the myocardium and heart failure. This report describes the current state of the field, outlines barriers and challenges to progress, and proposes research opportunities to advance the field, including strategies for leveraging novel approaches using omics and big data. The Working Group recommended research in 3 broad areas.
investigation into the fundamental biology relating thyroid dysfunction to the development of cardiovascular disease and into the identification of novel biomarkers of thyroid hormone action in cardiovascular tissues; (2) studies that define subgroups of patients with thyroid dysfunction amenable to specific preventive strategies and interventional therapies related to cardiovascular disease.
Accordingly, several recent investigations have provided unprecedented structural insights into how peptides and proteins recognize the HIV-1 trans-activation response (TAR) element, a 59-nucleotide long, noncoding RNA segment in the 5'-long terminal repeat region of viral transcripts. Here we offer an integrated perspective on these advances by describing earlier progress on TAR-binding to small molecules, and by drawing parallels to recent successes in the identification of compounds that target the hepatitis C virus internal ribosome entry site (IRES) and the flavin-mononucleotide riboswitch.
We relate this work to recent progress that pinpoints specific determinants of TAR recognition by: (i) viral Tat proteins, (ii) an innovative lab-evolved TAR-binding protein and (iii) an ultrahigh-affinity cyclic peptide. New structural details are used to model the TAR-Tat-super elongation complex (SEC) that is essential for efficient viral transcription and represents a focal point for antiviral drug design.



